1. Write a query that contains a namespace declaration in the prolog and a body that constructs an element in that namespace, say, a TEI <placeName> element. Now use a function you’ve learned in order to insert text into the element.
2. Write a query that uses the let clause to bind a variable $my-name to your name and returns the variable. Now use fn:concat() to add a greeting to any value you assign to $my-name. 3. Write a query that uses a let clause to bind a variable $names to a sequence of names, such as ("Joe", "Cliff"). Now add a for clause to greet each person as you greeted yourself. 4. Write a query that uses a let clause to bind variable $books to the bibliography you created in the exercises for the last chapter. Then add a for clause to return all of the titles. Then use fn:concat() to return a brief citation for each book in your favorite citation style. Then add a where clause to limit the listing to just those that contain a certain word, or those published since a certain year. Rewrite the where clause as a predicate. Add an order by clause to sort the results alphabetically by author. Then change the order to sort them alphabetically by title. Then chronologically by date. Then newest to oldest. 5. Add numbering to your results, either using the pre-sorting method or the count clause. 6. Group your results into several lists, one per year published. (It helps to have two or more books published in the same year in your list.) 7. Write a FLWOR expression to greet everyone in your list with “Hello” except one person, whom you greet in a different language. Hint: In your return clause, use a conditional expression to check if ($name eq "Pierre"). Chain another conditional expression to the first in order to greet one of the other people in a different language. 8. Write a FLWOR expression to group your books into two buckets, "old" and "new", depending on some cutoff year you decide. Hint: Use a conditional expression to create your grouping key.
